
ASSIGNMENT:
    Select a controversial public issue. Try to occupy and communicate sympathetically the different positions on that issue. Don't try to reconcile the positions or advocate for a position. Instead, try to inhabit each position
    as if it were your own.
GOAL:
    Your audience should have a clear understanding of what is at stake in the controversy, the depth of the divisions, and your commitment to seeing the issue from different perspectives.
CONTENT BASED REQUIREMENTS:
    1. Identify a controversial public issue.
    2. Bring out the inherent issues of the controversy. Inherent issues are what audiences need/expect you to address at the heart of a controversy. There are often 2-4.
    3. Communicate specifically who represents the different sides of the debate -- experts, advocacy groups, or everyday people, and what their interest is.
    4. Conclude the speech with a claim that identifies the point of stasis in this controversy for the perspectives surveyed. Where, in other words, is this controversy balanced now?
FORMAL REQUIREMENTS:
    1. Must be roughly 5 minutes long. No shorter than 4:30 and no longer than 5:30.
    2. Must have a clear clain in intro about the discourse surrounding the controversy and a "map" of your speech. Use the map to guide audience through structure of the speech and give verbal cues so they dont get lost
    3. Speech must be logically organized using either the "bloc" or "alternating" patterns of organization.
    4. Provide legitimate support for claims made through verbally cited source work. Provide enough source info so that an audience can easily find it on their own (author, date, & publication in which it appeared).

Topic: The Debate Over Mass Surveillance in the United States

Sympathetic Perspectives Claim: "Americans are divided about how their privacy and security is balanced in the digital age."

    Perspective 1: We believe that mass surveillance is a necessary tool to ensure national security and prevent terrorist attacks, cybercrime, and other threats. Government programs like those run by the NSA
                   play a critical role in prevention. Citizens who are not engaging in illegal activity have nothing to hide or fear.

    Perspective 2: We believe that mass surveillance is a fundamental violation of privacy rights and opens the door to government overreach and abuse. Privacy is essential for a free society, and security should not come at its expense.
    
